DreamLine is a web app that helps you find a way to your dreams and make them come true. First, with the help from a dynamic and interactive progress bar, users could get a clear sense of the steps left for achieving their goals. By finishing the tasks needed for achieving the goal, users could be motivated by the growing progress bar and know what they did truly made a difference. Moreover, not only could users make their own progress bars, thanks to the help from Google Cloud Platform and MongoDB Atlas, we were able to let users share their successful progress and let them search other users’ progress bars anonymously. Let’s say if you would like to know the secret of becoming Bear Grylls, by simply typing the word “survive”, you could instantly access our database with pages of successful examples. By a simple click on “adding to my repository”, you could actually make a copy to your own dashboard and let it become one of your goals. Newton once said, “If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants.”, and we believe that anyone should have the power to learn from others’ prior experience.

In addition to the benefits DreamLine could bring to your personal development, with a little more imagination, the utilization of DreamLine could in fact become a tool for macro-level social good. Let’s view a demo when we ask a group of people to plant one hundred trees: …. With the detailed progress bar keeping track of people’s real-life experiences, we could directly see the huge impact that DreamLine brought to this group of people and also those who are influenced by this record.
Forming a new habit, inspiring people to undertake family responsibilities, and making the world a better place...all these are possible with DreamLine.
